Writing Prompt 1 - Which of these Mighty Jaxx business functions do you think could benefit the most from implementing scrum/sprint methodologies? Explain specifically how scrum/sprint could operate for this function. Comment briefly on why kanban is not the best fit for this particular function. (You don't have to agree with the decisions described in the case.) :: The most likely candidate for a scrum/sprint appro ach is 1.	Product 2D renderings of new product ideas Acceptable alternatives are 2.	Use 3D renderings and drawings as input to producing molds for manufacturing 5.	Marketing These will require good explanations to make sense. The others less suited to scrum/sprint. Concentrating on “1. Product 2D renderings of new product ideas,” the key aspects of scrum/spring that could add value are: Iterative process Opportunity to involve end users Opportunity to involve other business functions (e.g. marketing) Address individual product features as they come into focus Graphical artifacts (e.g. burndown chart) that helps the team monitor progress The prompt asks for some specificity on how this could operate. One such process could be: Interview customers and possibly marketing to generate the outline of desirable attributes for a new product. Assign a “product owner” to distill and manage this information. Use these inputs to create a preliminary “product backlog,” i.e. list of attributes to begin designing toward. Select a product attribute from the backlog and assign it to the design team to attack. Don’t ask for a complete product design, but rather a capture of 1–2 features. Run the work as a sprint to get a preliminary concept completed. Since the work product is just 2D drawings, the sprint may be only 2–3 days, rather than weeks, in duration. In sprint review, possibly with customers/marketing, solicit reactions and sign-off. If additional refinement is required, rerun the sprint until this feature is pretty locked down. Return to the backlog (Step #4) to select the next product attribute. Do Steps #5–#7 until complete. Do Steps #8–#9 until all product attributes have been touched by the process. Run a fresh sprint process to pull together all the product attributes. This may need to be iterated as well. In the end, we have a product prototype that has been carefully vetted with end users and marketing and should be ready for the next (and more expensive) steps in the process. The main reason that this business function is not well suited for a kanban approach is that there is a strong need for iteration and refinement, which kanban does not provide. Kanban presumes a relatively routine process with well-defined series of steps.
Writing Prompt 2 - Which of these Mighty Jaxx business functions do you think could benefit the most from implementing kanban methodologies? Explain specifically how kanban could operate for this function with a list of the possible columns in the kanban board. Comment briefly on why scrum/sprint is not the best fit for this particular function. (You don't have to agree with the decisions described in the case.) :: Because they have a more linear (non-iterative) process, the most likely candidates for a kanban approach are 3.	Production 4.	Distribution An acceptable alternative is 5.	Marketing This will require good explanations to make sense. The others less suited to kanban. Concentrating on “3. Production,” the key aspects of kanban that could add value are: Prior careful delineation of process steps, definition of resource limitations (“WIP limit”) Shared graphical representation of process status Easier separation of responsibility The prompt asks for some specificity on how this could operate. One such process could be: Carefully think through the production steps and the order they must occur. Try to keep the steps as compact as possible. Define any resource limitations for each step (“WIP limits”). Create the kanban board, either using a software tool or bulletin board+stickies, and share with all stakeholders. Assign one person to manage the board, being in touch with personnel executing each step to make sure the board accurately reflects the current state of affairs in production. Test the correctness of the board during a pilot production run. Implement and monitor effectiveness. The main reason that this business function is not well suited for a scrum/sprint approach is that there is no clear need for an iterative process, or for involving end users / marketing in the operation at this point.
Writing Prompt 3 - Mighty Jaxx CEO Jackson Aw has hired you as a consultant to advise him on his decision making about a move to agile in his organization. One of the specializations in your consultancy is the impact that cognitive biases can have on effective business decisions. Based on your knowledge of the many types of cognitive biases, select one that you think could be a problematic trap for Jackson's thinking. In 1–2 short paragraphs that you could email to him, Define in general terms the bias that you want to caution him about. (He may not have heard of it before.) Describe a possible substantive error/problem that could occur in this particular decision if no attention is paid to this type of bias. Suggest a step or action he could take to avoid falling into the trap of this by us. :: There are many candidate biases that could impact Jackson’s decision making about moving toward agile. These include, but are not limited to, Confirmation bias (already convince of utility, and not researching for conflicting views) Overconfidence (believing that enough is known) Sunk cost (if some investment has already been made in changing over) You have considerable latitude in describing potential problems and steps to take, but what your suggest must be specific to this situation. As a consultant, speaking in generalities, not addressing the client’s situation, is not a good way to get hired again.